This is the new congestion-free buy in Telia
and then in the matte black
the types of coffee that can make with this are with these buttons and you can see it already
the little espresso
by the way, you can adjust it just like your wilders can also enjoy
we are working on the pay gap or the Dutch coffee
hot water for the world cup
or from
adjust on the steam pipe
you will see a cappuccino for this
animals the adjustment so strength three models become my favorite
or you can even adjust it
on a large on ground coffee if you for example have a bk period one
big dam
and we do that with
included spoon terribly easy
this is for sale at the ridge clinic
well actually weeks or what happens that is in the descaling program
which is completely automatic
you will get that when we press this button
we can't make it
the fully automatic
with a water tank of one and a half liters
a dead normal of 300 grams
underneath are the ceramic discs
very important
if you resist ivica kieviet
that means quite a bit, because the center shows its commitment in italy in brescia
where the test test are all taken
has ruled that the whole in tbs series of vv buy
has the best in the count interface
you can say that
that goes in plouay
actually is not the only machine you know
completely in matte black I think it is very beautiful
is also very nice on the counter
let's see what comes out than a tasty espresso I am too
find
it's always about a little down writer who finds out that finds perfect
well he is not yet adjusted but we are going to watch wavin but will give
the reduction also looks
but well the travelers some color but is getting bigger but so much patience
to have
difficult for all women
they don't need the 50 count at all
believe really tasty
a wonderful Italian espresso
go for it and that is handy
they were an emergency waters so you dont have to take some because there
is a good one and a half liters
and that's a big for espresso format
a study where is also not very economical
which is in fact
300 grams
and we are already know
the adjustment here below are for the mill what you do blemish
this key
which at the same time it
scoop is
this one in the hallway
for the ground, for example, decap
Then you see that the suspect is up
with the machine to be able to handle the z shoe of this machine you can find here
pull everett trash bin but the cookies end up in
when the coffee is squeezed out
open the valve
like New
each a droplet that could leak
in here instead of falling out
that was nicely included and the six groups on the whole handy to spend on this
after coughing up exists but also steps
the pressure of your him in your hands and with this
becomes a great one
its cup of coffee on it that set is good that is a major flush
lukewarm water boil well everywhere at 7
just under the window
then simply put it 8 in the counter and do it in the evening
for the player you get
absolutely no mold for that
the relocation is particularly easy
the rails you
this was busy Monday
this the wild
this claim the waste bin
flap closed
and the only thing he cannot do is this
dripping tray
to empty into a large
and rinse with hot water
who may have done so in the dishwasher once
very important
is the maintenance of the coffee machine
in addition to rinsing z well
have to make ends meet
Assume once about six Spaniards standing every two months
very important is that he additionally
he has to buy
The machine also needs a number of times a year for the association
that happens with shrinkage a role
and this pill
depending on the machine
is also often added to the water in a separate compartment
of course this is descaling
obtain care from us for a whole year
you could also despres also suspect but also looks cards 10 euros
or just a cup of coffee came which discounter.nl